Why not?
Do you want to fight or do you want to fight?
Do you want to fight alone or in a gang fight?
Both civil and military are despicable
Wu Fang will send five people to fight
Kofan despises
There should be some talent
If you lose more than you lose
We will cede the Liaodong region to Pinghuo
Homeland is a gamble.
The mixed army is indeed a mixed army
Your Majesty, absolutely not
Why not?
The land of Liaodong is greater than that of the ancestors
Came from a hundred years of battle
How can you give it to others easily?
Hello, people!
Drag him down for me and hit fifty boards again
What crime did your majesty commit?
It's a total debt
As a minister of the Ministry of War, it is a shame that he has not fought the pre-Qin Dynasty
I am strict for the country
Faithful words
The prime minister is a disloyal person
It's okay for me to punish him like this
Not too much
In the middle of the faint king, there is no distinction between everything and asking for instructions on adultery
It's just dizzy
What if I win?
A fool like you
Still want to rob
I'm just stupid
Not stupid
There is no reason to despise a family that is brilliant
Prime Minister, what do you think?
Well, what His Majesty said is very good
If you are greater than
I will be Goryeo
Leave it to you
Goryeo is not the spirit of Japan
If I want to raise troops to attack
So what talent do you want?